Fix typo in Introduction to Redis bitfields (#2083)
redis/redis-doc: docs/data-types/bitfields.md

    Introduction to Redis bitfields
---

> Redis bitfields let you perform bitwise arithmetic on integer field of arbitrary bit length. For example, you can operate on anything from unsigned, 32-bit integers to signed 5-bit integers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Redis bitfields let you perform bitwise arithmetic on integer fields of arbitrary bit length.
For example, you can operate on anything from unsigned 1-bit integers to signed 63-bit integers.
```

    Introduction to Redis bitfields
---

> Redis bitfields let you perform arithmetics on integer fields of arbitrary bit length.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Redis bitfields let you set, increment, and get integer values of arbitrary bit length.
```
